2

20, r.e. heirs of Caron de Beaumarchais (Feb 2 cmte discharged &
referred to select cmte, see below). Feb 17 refer PUS's message
of this day, r.e. discriminating tariffs. March 20 refer HR bill
for payment of certain certificates. March 31 refer HR bill
making appropriations for govt for 1818. April 4 refer HR bill
for relief of Gad Worthington; HR bill for relief of houses of
Thomas & John Clifford of Phila & Charles Wirgman of Balt. April
10 refer HR bill authorizing payment on account of Treasury notes
which have been lost or destroyed. April 13 refer HR bill for
relief of John Dillon; HR bill for relief of Jonas Harrison.
April 15 refer HR bill to regulate collection of duties, etc.
April 18 refer HR bill supplement to acts making appropriations
for 1818:

~omte on commerce & manufacturers. Sanford, Horsey, Morril,
Burrill, Dickerson. April 2 refer HR bill for relief of Joseph
Thorn. April 3 refer HR bill to change name of Erie district in
OH. April 6 refer HR bill to est port of entry & delivery at Cape
Vincent; refer HR bill to abolish port of delivery at mouth of
Slade's creek in NC. April 8 refer HR bill for relief of Seth
Sprague. April 15 refer HR bill to increase duties on iron in
bars and bolts, iron in-pigs, castings,-nails, & alum; bill to
increase duties on certain manufactured articles imported into
US; bill making port of Bath MA port of entry, etc.; bill
providing for deposit of wines & distilled spirits in public
warehouses. April 17 refer HR bill to continue in force law to
regulate duties on imports and tonnage. Sanford report
immediately without amendment. April 18 refer HR amendments to
bill concerning tonnage & discriminating duties.

emte on military affairs. Troup, Williams(TN), Tichenor, Lacock,
Taylor. Dec 31 refer HR bill to provide for certain surviving
officers & soldiers of revolutionary army; refer PUS's lst
message on surviving officers & soldiers of revolutionary army
(discharged pension cmte). March 4 recommit bill regulating pay
of brevet officers. April 6 refer HR amendments to bill directing
manner of appointing Indian agents. April 7 refer HR bill
respecting org of army, etc.; refer HR bill for relief of John
Work. April 10 refer PUS's message, comply with request for list
of Indian agents. April 13 refer HR bill for relief of volunteer
mounted cavalry; refer HR bill for relief of company of rangers.
April 18 refer HR bill for relief of B. and P. Jourdan.

“Cmte on militia. Storer, Noble, Roberts, Macon, Ruggles. April 10
refer HR bill to increase pay of militia while in actual service.

15th Congress, Journal
