12

\“cmte on post office & post roads. Wilson, Palmer, Mellen,

Ruggles. Nov 27 refer res to transport certain documents free.
Jan 25 refer HR bill authorizing pmg to contract as in other
cases for carrying mail in steam boats between New Orleans &
Louisville. March 1 refer HR bill to alter & est certain post
roads.

Cmte on pensions. Lacock, Noble, Van Dyke, Talbot, Storer. Nov 30
refer HR bill concerning invalid pensions. Dec 4 refer HR bill
for relief of major general John Stark. Dec 11 refer HR bill
concerning invalids. Dec 16 refer HR bill concerning widow of
militia. Dec 18 refer HR bill to extend for 5 years pensions
granted to widows & kids of those killed in War of 1812. Jan 27
refer HR bill regulating pay of invalid pensioners; refer HR bill
for relief of Phoebe Stuart. Feb 1 refer HR bill for relief of
Hannah Ring & Luther Frink with instructions to inquire into
making general law on subject. Feb 16 refer HR bill concerning
allowance of pensions upon a relinquishment of bounty lands.
March 1 refer HR bill extending term of half-pay pensions to
widows & kids of certain officers, seamen, & marines who died in
public service. March 3 refer HR bill concerning invalid
pensions. Stokes report for cmte immediately without amendment.

Cmte on DC. Goldsborough, Daggett, Barbour, Eppes, Hanson. Nov 27
refer PUS's message relaying report on public bldgs. Dec.18 refer
HR bill to incorporate company to build bridge over eastern
branch of Potomac. Jan 7 refer HR bill authorizing corporation of
Washington city to open & extend certain streets; refer HR bill
to authorize Rockville & Washington Turnpike company to extend &
made turnpike road to or from boundary of Washington city thru
DC; HR bill to incorporate Medical Society of DC; HR bill to
incorporate Provident Association of clerks in civil dept of US
govt. Jan 22 refer HR bill supplement to law to authorize
Washington Turnpike Company to extend & make turnpike from
Georgetown thru district to boundary. Feb 27 HR bill making
appropriations for public bldgs, etc.

Cmte on so much of PUS's message as relates to Indian tribes. Nov

. 20, 1818. Morrow, Williams(TN), Williams(MS), Taylor, Crittenden.

Cmte, select, on memorial of William Lambert. Nov 24, 1818.
Dickerson, King, Burrill. Feb 27 refer HR bill authorizing PUS to
have astronomical observations made to determine longitude for of
Capitol.

Cmte, select, on Goldsborough's res to erect monument over the
remains of GW. Nov 30, 1818. Goldsborough, Roberts (mover),
Burrill. Jan 8 recommitted with instructions to report bill

15th Congress, Journal
