‘“cmte on naval affairs. Tait, Sanford, Crittenden, Daggett,
Williams (MS). Feb 26 refer HR bill making appropriations for navy
for 1818. March 27 refer HR bill to establish flag of US. April 4
refer bill for John Taylor from cmte on pensions. April 9 refer
HR res for survey of Chesapeake bay.

™ Cmte on public lands. Morrow, Fisk, Taylor, Williams (MS),
Hunter. Dec 24 refer Morril's resolution to direct commissioner
of General Land Office to furnish each soldier who may receive
bounty land a description of the lot. Dec 31 refer HR bill for
relief of Samuel Aiken; HR bill for relief of Joel Earwood; Hr
bill for additional land offices in MO. Feb 24 refer PUS's
message, r.e. info requested by Senate on Jan 19. March 20 refer
HR bill for MI delegate; HR bill for relief of General Moses
Porter. March 26 refer HR bill authorizing legal reps of William
Daniel to file proper register of land office for Spanish patent;
HR bill confirming claim of Tobias Rheams; HR bill for relief of
Narcissus Broutin & others; HR bill for relief of Daniel Burnet,
Gibson Clark, etc. April 2 refer HR amendments to bill extending
time for locating VA military land warrants. April 3 refer HR
bill for legal reps of George Pearson. April 4 refer HR bill for
relief of certain friendly Creek Indians of mixed blood. April 7
refer HR bill to enable people of IL to form constitution, etc.
April 8 refer HR bill to continue law relating to settlers on US
lands. April 14 refer HR bill for relief of James Mackay of MO;
refer HR bill for relief of Jonathan D. Essary. April 18 refer HR
bill to suspend sale of certain lands in LA & MO; HR bill
changing pay of receivers & register of land offices.

~Cmte on claims. Roberts, Morril, Ruggles, Goldsborough, Wilson.
Dec 31 refer HR bill for relief of henry & Winslow Lewis. Jan 5
refer HR bill for relief of John Anderson; HR bill for relief of.
John Thompson (addition to law). Jan 9 recommit bill for relief
of John Thompson, on motion by Roberts. Feb 3 refer HR bill for
relief of Israel Smith. Feb 5 refer Troup's bill for relief of
Richard M. Johnson. March 20 refer HR bill for relief of Abraham
Byington. March 26 refer HR bill for relief of John Bate: April 4
refer HR bill for relief of Sarah Dewees; HR bill for relief of
John Rogers. April 6 refer HR bill for relief of major general
Jacob Brown; refer HR bill for relief of Loring Austin & George
R. Wells.April 7 refer HR bill for relief of John Anderson. April
8 refer HR bill for relief of Benjamin Birdsall & William Foster;
refer HR bill for relief of Thomas Miller & Stephen Baker; refer
HR bill for relief of Frederick Brown. April 10 refer HR bill for
relief of Benjamin Berry; HR bill for relief of Mary Sullivan; HR
bill for relief of Jonathan Amory, Jr and representatives of
Thomas C. Amory; HR bill for relief of widow & kids of Jacob
Graeff. April 13 refer HR bill for relief of Henry Gist &

15th Congress, Journal
