Benjamin Johnson. April 14 refer HR bill for relief of John B.
Dabney. April 18 refer HR bill to regulate & fix pay of clerks in
different offices; HR bill for relief of Madame Poidevin.

“Nemte on judiciary. Crittenden, Burrill, Otis, Smith, Leake. Jan

21 refer resolution for distribution of certain laws. Jan 27
refer HR bill to supply vacancies under commissions of
bankruptcy. Feb 3 refer HR bill to provide for delivering up of
persons held to labor or service who shall escape into another
territory; recommit bill for salaries of DC judges with
instructions to consider increase in salaries generally. Feb 5
recommit bill for separate govt for eastern part of MS territory.
Feb 26 refer HR bill for alt time of holding district courts in
VA. March 11 refer HR bill altering times for NY courts; HR bill
respecting NY district courts; HR bill alt times for ME district
court. March 20 refer HR bill to provide for due execution of
laws of US in MS. March 27 refer HR bill in addition to law for
punishment of certain crimes. April 3 refer HR bill providing for
publication of laws of US. April 18 refer HR bill supplement to
acts relative to direct taxes & internal duties.

Nomte on PO and post roads. Wilson, Ashmun, Fisk, Ruggles,
Stokes.‘Jan 21 Fromentin appointed to cmte in place of Fisk,
resigned.. March 26 on motion by Wilson, Morril elected to take
place of Ashmun who absent with leave; refer HR bill extending
franking privilege to vaccine agents. April 2 refer HR bill
making further appropriations for Cumberland road. April 15 refer
HR bill to increase compensation of deputy postmasters. April 18
refer HR bill to est & alter certain post roads.

“cmte on pensions. Noble, Storer, Lacock, Vandyke, Talbot. Dec 24
refer HR bill for relief of Noah Miller. Dec 31 discharged from
further consideration of PUS's 1st message on surviving officers
& soldiers, of revolutionary army. Feb 10 refer HR bill for
relief of Arthur St. Clair. March 26 refer Hr bill for John
Taylor. April 4 discharge cmte of consideration of bill for John
Taylor & refer cmte on naval affairs. April 18 refer HR bill for
relief of major general John Stark; HR bill for relief of
Corneilia Mason.

™ “Cmte on DC: Goldsborough, Daggett, Eppes, Barbour, Stokes. Jan 9
refer HR bill to incorporate’ the Columbia insurance company of
Alexandria. Jan 12 refer Hr bill making further provisions for
repairing public bldgs. Feb 11 refer PUS's message, r.e. White
house & other public bldgs. March 20 refer HR bill to provide for
erection of courthouse, jail, etc in Alexandria. April 8 refer HR
bill making appropriations for public bldgs & furnishing Capitol
& PUS's house; HR bill to provide for erecting additional bldgs

15th Congress, Journal
