“Ncmte on finance. Eppes, Talbot, King, Macon, Eaton. Dec 9 refer
Sec of T's report on mint. Dec 10 refer HR bill making partial
appropriations for military service for 1819. Dec 22 refer HR
bill directing payment of certain bills drawn by General
Armstrong in favor of William Morgan. Jan 5 refer HR bill to
authorize payment on T notes which have been lost or destroyed.
Jan 13 refer HR bill making appropriations for military service
for 1819. Jan 25 refer HR bill supplement to law to provide for
prompt settlement of public accounts. Feb 9 refer HR bill
providing additional penalties for false entries for the benefit
of drawback, bounty or exportation. Feb 15 refer HR bill making
appropriations for govt for 1819. Feb 17 refer HR bill for relief
of William & James Crooks. Feb 25 refer HR bill for relief of
Benjamin Wells; HR bill for relief of George M. Brook & Edmund P.
Kennedy. Feb 27 refer Hr bill to regulate duties on certain
wines; HR bill to enforce provisions of BUS charter. March 1
refer HR bill for relief of Robert Kid, Seth, Webber, & Thomas
Page.

\ Cmte on commerce & manufacturers. Sanford, Dickerson, Burrill,
Horsey, Morril. Dec 22 refer HR bill regulating passenger ships.
March 1 refer HR bill authorizing the bldg of lighthouses,
beacon, & buoys.

“ cmte on military affairs. Williams(TN), Lacock, Tichenor, Taylor,
Storer. Nov 27 refer HR bill to increase # of clerks in Dept of
War. Jan 8 refer annual reports of Sec of Navy. Feb 9 refer Hr
bill authorizing Sec of war to appoint additional agent for
paying pensions in TN. Feb 11 refer HR bill authorizing Sec of
war to convey a lot or parcel of land belonging to US lying in
Jefferson county VA. March 1 refer HR bill for relief of James
(Ohiah ae

~“ cmte on militia. Ruggles, Noble, Roberts, Macon, Storer. Nov 26
refer Sec of War's report on militia. March 1 refer HR bill for
relief of John M'Causland.

‘“ cmte on naval affairs. Sanford, Tait, Williams (MS) , Daggett,
Crittenden. Nov 30 refer PUS's message transmitting report from
Sec of navy. Dec 4 refer PUS's message of April 20, 1818, r.e.
rules, regulations, etc. of navy. Dec 16 refer HR bill
authorizing distribution of $ among representatives of Edward
Preble & officers & crew of brig Syren. Dec 24 refer HR bill
making appropriations for support of navy for 1819. Jan 18 refer
Hr bill authorizing payment to officers & crews of gunboats # 149
& 154. Feb 22 refer HR resolution declaring manner in which
vessels of navy named.

15th Congress, Journal
