fbi

“cmte on public lands. Morrow, Williams(MS), Taylor, Hunter,

Johnson. Nov 25 refer HR res, re IL statehood. Dec 4 refer HR
bill for relief of Mehitabel Cole. Dec 8 refer Sec of T's report
on land claims in FL, with draft of bill. Dec 10 refer HR bill
for relief of William Barton. Dec 18 refer HR bill for relief of
Samuel H. Harper. Dec 22 refer HR bill for relief of legal reps
of Alexander Montgomery. Jan 5 refer HR bill authorizing election
of delegate from MI territory. Jan 22 refer HR bill to allow
further time to complete the issuing and locating of military
land warrants; HR bill explanatory of law for final judgment of
land titles in LA & MO. Feb 11 refer HR bill authorizing TN to
issue grants & perfect titles to certain lands therein
described.... Feb 16 refer HR bill for relief of Henry Batman.
Feb 25 refer Thomas's bill granting donation of land to IL for
seat of govt. March 1 refer HR bill confirming certain claims to
land in IL; refer HR bill to est new land office in IL.

“Ncmte on claims. Goldsborough, Wilson, Roberts, Ruggles. Morril.

Dec 10 refer HR bill for relief of William King; HR bill for
relief of heirs of Adolphus Bughart. Dee 11 refer HR bill‘ for
relief of Frederick Brown. Dec 18 refer HR bill for relief of
Thomas B. Farish. Dec 22 refer HR bill for relief of Dr. Mattrom
Ball. Dec 24 refer HR bill for relief of Daniel Renner &
Nathaniel H. Heath. Jan 5 refer HR bill for relief of Harold
Smyth; HR bill for relief of Samuel F. Hooker; HR bill for, relief
of Sampson S. King. Jan 13 refer HR bill for relief of Thomas
Hall Jervey; HR bill for relief of Daniel Moss. Jan 18 refer HR
bill for relief of Henry Davis; HR bill for relief of Benjamin
Pool; HR bill for relief of Adam Kinsley; HR bill for relief of
heirs & legatees of Thomas Turner; HR bill for relief of Kensie &
Forsyth. Jan 22 refer HR bill for relief of M. Poirey; HR bill
for relief of M. de Vienne. Jan 27 refer HR bill for relief of
Robert M'Calla & Matthew H. Jouett. Feb 11 refer HR bill for
relief of Isaac Minis & others. Feb 15 refer HR bill for relief
of Joseph Wheaton. Feb 18 refer HR bill for relief of Patrick
Callan. Feb 22 refer HR bill for relief of Thomas Wilson
(Supplement) :

Cmte on judiciary Burrill, Crittenden, Otis, Smith, Leake. Nov 27
refer HR bill for PA western district court. Refer HR bill to est
judicial district in western VA. Dec 7 refer Daggett's bill to
extend judicial system. Dec 10 refer Daggett's bill for more
effectual punishment of certain crimes. Dec 21 refer bill to
establish judicial district in western Va with letter &

proceedings of delegation in VA assembly/

15th Congress, Journal
