N emte on HR bill to apportion HR. Nov 29. Ellsworth, Burr,
Butler, Strong, Monroe.

Nate on HR bill for relief of certain widows, orphans, invalids,
& others. Dec 5. Wingate, Morris, Gunn. Dec 6 HR bill for relief
of David Cook & Thomas Campbell referred to same cmte.

Nente on HR bill for 1792 appropriations. Dec 9. Monroe, Sherman,
Burr, Gunn, Read.

™ Cmte to revise acts & resolved relative to compensation of Bill?
disabled officers & soldiers & to widows & orphans. Dec 14. Burr,
Butler, Strong. On Dec 15, Elijah Janes petition referred to. On
Dec 20, Jonathan Wooley’s petition referred to. On Jan 9, Isaac
Ladyard’s petition referred to. On Jan 10, cmte report.

“mte on memorial of IL & Ouabache land companies. Dec 15. Strong,
Sherman, Ellsworth, Izard, Burr. 2 ballot Sauna. dans Cute 13» cw 6S.

‘\ cmte on Cabot’s bill for encouragement of bank & other
codfisheries.... Dec 22. Cabot, Izard, Sherman, Morris, Lee.

“cmte on HR bill for extending time for settling accounted of US
with individual states. Jan 5, 1792. Bradley, Monroe,
Ellsworth.

Nemte on recommittal of HR bill for relief certain widows,
orphans, invalids, & others. Jan 10. Burr, Strong, Butler. Also
instructed to consider and report such further general provisions
as they shall think necessary for relief of these people.

Cmte on HR bill on Post office & post roads. Jan 16. Bassett,
Bradley, Burr, Ellsworth, Few, Foster, Henry, Johnston, Izard,
Langdon, Lee, Morris, Rutherfurd, Strong.

~ cemte on HR bill for protection of Frontiers. Feb 9. Strong, Gunn,
Monroe, Bradley, Ellsworth.

\ Cmte on HR bill for protection of frontiers with amendments
reported by Cmte, & motion made on. Feb 17. Burr, Hawkins, Read,
Ellsworth, Gunn. Hawkins present report on Feb 21.

\Ngt emte on necessary business. Feb 20. Sherman, Langdon, Strong.
‘ emte on Mathers’ petition for compensation during recess. Feb 21.

Sherman, Izard, Johnston. On March 1, report & cmte ordered to
bring bill providing for annual salaries of doorkeepers of Senate

and HR.

‘vemte on HR bill for settlement of claims of persons under
particular circumstances barred by the limitation heretofore
established. Feb 27. Ellsworth, Lee, Strong.

‘’ cmte on memorial of Moses Young. Feb 28. Butler, Ellsworth, Lee.
Cute on I ee ae

F Cutie om Yo poy + inva bull. 39,42... tfersctane Stony Ellgwodte, Lee Gar?

2nd Congress, Journal
