a3)

military establishment for 1817; HR bill making additional
appropriations for army & militia; HR bill supplement to law to
further amend acts for establishment & regulation of depts of
War, Treasury, & navy. Feb 28 refer HR bill for redemption of
public debt; Hr bill to repeal so much of act authorizing loan of
$ or issue of treasury notes; HR bill supplement to law
regulating duties on imports and tonnage; HR bill authorizing sec
of T to pay GA 15% upon quota of direct tax; HR bill respecting
assessment & collection of direct tax. March 1 refer HR bill
transferring duties of commissioners of loans to BUS & abolishing
these offices. March 3 refer Hr bill authorizing Sec of T to
remit duties therein mentioned. Campbell report bill immediately.
Refer HR bill supplement to law for relief of person imprisoned
for debts due to US. Campbell report immediately without
amendment. Refer HR bill fore relief of Henry Lee. Campbell
report immediately without amendment. Refer HR bill for
compensation of certain collectors. Campbell report immediately
without amendment.

cmte on Commerce & Manufacturers. Hunter, Sanford, Roberts,
Campbell, Mason(NH). Dec 23 refer HR bill to regulate duties on
imports and tonnage. Feb 28 refer HR bill authorizing deposit of
papers of foreign vessels with consul of respective nations; HR
bill for relief of Isaac Lawrence & other, NYC merchants. March 1
refer HR bill to continue in force Sec 2 of supplement to law
laying duties on imports & tonnage; HR bill for relief of Thomas
& John Clifford, & Thomas Clifford & Son (March 3 bill fail on
passage to.3rd reading). March 3 refer HR bill fore erecting a
lighthouse on Holmes! Hole Harbor, MA.

emte on military affairs. Williams, Mason(VA), Troup, Condit,
Hardin. Dec 13 Executive Session refer military nominations made
Dec 10. Dec 17 Executive Session recommit nomination of John L.
Leib. Dec 19 Executive Session recommit nomination of James
McKeon. Feb 17 Executive Session refer nominations made Feb 7 not
already acted on. Feb 19 refer HR bill -ransom of American
captives during late war. Feb 21 refer HR bill repealing act for
safe keeping & accommodation of prisoners of war. Feb 24 refer HR
bill respecting pay of certain army officers; HR bill making
further provision for military services. Feb 25 refer Hr bill for
relief of certain officers. Feb 28 refer HR bill for relief of
Caleb Nicholls; HR bill for relief of William Chism; HR bill for
relief of Charles Williams; HR bill for relief of Mary Wells.
March 3 refer HR bill for relief of certain Creek Indians.
Williams report immediately without amendment.

Cmte on militia. Varnum, Tichenor, Lacock, Mason(VA), Williams.

Cmte on naval affairs. Tait, Howell, Sanford, Fromentin, Daggett.
Jan 7 Executive Session refer nominations for marine corps. Feb 7
refer HR bill concerning naval establishment. Feb 21 refer HR
bill making appropriations for navy. Feb 24 Executive Session
refer nominations sundry naval promotions received this day. Feb
28 refer JR boll to fix peace establishment of marine corps.
March 3 refer HR bill authorizing payment of sum of $ to Teakle
Savage & others; HR. bill authorizing payment of sum of $ to

14th Congress, Journal
