14th Congress, Committees
1st Session, Vol 9 (Dec 1815 - April 1816)

Jt cmte to wait on PUS. Dec 4, 1815. Varnum, Hunter.

Jt cmte on buildings on Capitol Hill. Dec 4, 1815. Horsey,
Lacock, Fromentin.

Cmte 42nd rule. Dec 4, 1815. Lacock, Howell, Daggett.

Jt. Cmte on enrolled bills. Dec 4, 1815. Roberts (mover).

Cmte 22nd rule. Dec 4, 1815. Fromentin, Sanford, Tichenor.

Jt cmte on library. Dec 4, 1815. Fromentin, Hunter, Goldsborough.

Cmte on petition of Joseph C. Morgan, r.e. Xaverio Nandi, with
leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec 6, 1815. Roberts,
Sanford, Horsey.

Cmte on petition of Jacob Babbitt with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Dec 6, 1815. Hunter, Bibb, Howell.

Cmte on MS territory legislature's memorial, r.e. public lands
with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec 7, 1815. Brown,
Morrow, Chace, Tait, Barbour. Jan 4 refer HR bill for relief of
Charles Marking. Jan 9 refer HR bill for relief of Martin Cole,
John Pollock, John Westner, Abraham Welty. Jan 19 refer PUS's
message, r.e. grant of land to negotiators of Creek treaty at
Fort Jackson; refer letter from Commissioner of General Land
Office, r.e. land in New Orleans. Jan 22 refer HR bill for relief
of Jonathan White. Feb 2 refer letter from commissioner of
general land-office, r.e. claims in Orleans. March 8 refer
Daggett's bill extending time to locating military land warrants.
March 18 instruct cmte on sale of lands in OH. March 19 refer HR
bill for relief of certain claimants in Vincennes. March 21 refer
HR bill making further provisions for settling claims to land in
IL. April 2 refer HR bills for MS & IN statehood; refer HR bill
authorizing PUS to lease Saline near Wabash river for not longer
than 7 years; refer HR bill for relief of certain purchasers of
public lands in MS. April 3 cmte discharged from further
consideration of IN statehood bill and referred to cmte appointed
Jan 2 on memorial of IN legislative council. Instruct cmtes to
ascertain actual number of inhabitants of MS & IN. April 12
refer HR bill authorizing sale of land in Jeffersonville; refer
HR bill for relief of Peter Audrain. April. 13 refer HR bill
authorizing TN to issue grants and perfect titles on certain
lands; refer HR bill for relief of William Crawford, Frederick
Bates & William Garrard; HR bill providing sale of land at lower
rapids of Sandusky river; HR bill providing sale of land at fort
at the Miami of the Lake; refer HR bill for relief of Samuel
Dick, William Bruce, and Asa Kitchell. April 15 refer HR bill for
relief of Thomas H. Boyle; HR:bill for relief of Charles Levaux
Trudeau; Hr bill confirming titles of certain purchasers of land
from board of trustees of Vincennes; HR bill granting Amos
Spafford right of pre-emption. April 16 refer HR bill providing
sale of land in OH formerly set aside for refugees from Canada

14th Congress, Journal
