and Nova Scotia. April 17 refer HR bill for relief of John P. &
Hugh H. Maxwell; HR bill for confirmation of certain claims to
land in western district of LA; HR bill for appointment of a
surveyor of public lands in IL & MO. April 20 refer HR bill
authorizing survey of 2m acres in MI; HR bill to est land
district in IL. April 23 refer Hr bill for relief of Joseph Ss.
Newall; HR bill concerning pre-emption rights granted in LA, IL,
& MO.

Cmte on Bibb's motion on so much of PUS's message as relates to
foreign affairs with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec
11, 1815. Bibb, Dana, Taylor, Barry, King. Dee 11, Executive
session, refer convention between US & GB. Dec 26 refer PUS's
message, r.e. ratified Treaty of Ghent & recommending legislative
provisions required. Jan 16 refer HR bill regulating commerce
between US and GB. Feb 7 refer HR amendments to bill concerning
convention to regulate commerce between US & GB. April 16 refer
HR resolution to indemnify Jabez Mowry.

Cmte on Bibb's motion on so much of PUS's message as relates to
militia with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec 12, 1815.
Varnum, Lacock, Wilson, Tichenor, Turner. March 16 on motion by
Wilson, refer PUS's message, r.e. statement of US militia. April
4 refer HR bill increasing pensions of invalids in certain cases,
for relief of invalids of militia, & appointment of pension
agents.

Cmte on Bibb's motion on so much of PUS's message as relates to
military affairs with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec
11, 1815. Barbour, Williams, Ruggles, Goldsborough, Condit. Dec
22 refer HR bill for relief of Jabes Hull; HR bill for relief of
Jonathan Eastman. Jan 3, Executive session, refer military
nominations made Jan 2. Jan 4 refer HR bill authorizing payment
for property, lost, captured, or destroyed by enemy. Jan 15,
Executive session, refer representation of Robert Purdy (see
petitions) & on motion by Williams, representation with cmte
report on military nominations recommitted. Jan 16, Executive
session, refer nomination of Joseph Bartholomew. Jan 31 recommit
bill authorizing payment for property lost, captured, or
destroyed by enemy while in military service of US. Feb 6 refer
PUS's message, r.e. military land warrants in MI. Feb 22 refer
HR bill granting bounties in land and extra pay to certain
Canadian volunteers. Feb 27 refer HR bill making further
provision for military services during late war. March 12 refer
HR bill for relief of Gustavus Loomis. March 13 refer HR bill for
relief of John T. Wirt. March 22 refer HR bill for liquidation of
certain claims. March 26 refer HR bill for organizing general
staff. March 29 on motion by Lacock, instruct cmte to consider
granting bounty lands to disbanded officers of late army who have
been disabled by wounds; recommit bill making further provision
for military services during late war. April 4 refer HR bill
making appropriations for military establishment. On motion by
Barbour, recommit bill concerning certain advances made for
public service to NYC with instructions to consider if any
provisions ought to be made for payment of damages sustained by
persons on whose lands military works have been constructed.

14th Congress, Journal
