14

Nathaniel Seavey & others.

Cmte on public lands. Morrow, Brown, Taylor, Noble, Goldsborough.
Dec 19 instruct cmte to consider printing laws. Feb 7 refer PUS's
message of this day, r.e. GA lands. Feb 25 refer Hr bill amending
law granting bounties to Canadian Volunteers. Feb 27 refer HR
amendments to MS statehood bill. Feb 28 refer HR amendments to
bill authorizing surveyor for lands in northern MS. March 1
refer bill to continue in force law relating to settlers on lands
of US; HR bill for relief of Joseph Summers and John Allen; HR
bill making provisions for location of lands reserved by 1st
article of treaty with Creek Nation (Aug 1814). March 3 refer HR
bill extending time for locating VA military land warrants.
Morrow report bill immediately without amendment.

Cmte on Claims. Roberts, Wilson, Goldsborough, Tichenor,
Mason(VA). Dec 16 refer HR bill for relief of Nathaniel Williams.
Dec 23 refer HR bill for relief of Luther Bingham. Instruct cmte
to consider reserving land producing oak & red cedar for naval
stores. Dec 24 on motion by Roberts, discharged from further
consideration a bill for Luther Bingham & his petition referred
to Sec of T. Dec 30 refer HR bill discharging Nathaniel Taft from
imprisonment; HR bill discharging John Ricaud from imprisonment.
Dec 31 bill for Luther Bingham fail to pass to 3rd reading
(received Sec of T report Dec 30). Jan 7 refer HR bill for relief
of William Haslet. Jan 9 refer HR bill discharging Oliver
Spellman from imprisonment. Jan 14 refer HR bill to amend law
authorizing payment for property lost or destroyed by enemy while
in military service of US. Jan 24 refer HR bill for Joseph
Stewart. Feb 11 refer HR bill for relief of Park Holland. Feb 28
refer HR bill for relief of Joseph Green; HR bill for relief of
Peter Kindall; HR bill for relief of John de Castandado; HR bill
for relief of Alexander Holmes: and Benjamin Hough; HR bill for
relief of Antoine Bienvenue of LA; HR bill for relief of James
Villere; HR bill for relief of Madam Montreuil; HR bill for
relief of Asa Wells; HR bill for relief of William Oliver; HR
bill for relief of James H. Boisgervais; HR bill for relief of
Peter Caslard; HR bill for relief of Jumonville de Villiers; HR
bill for relief of George Buckmaster; HR bill. for relief of James
Orr; HR bill for relief of Bathelemy Duverger; HR bill for relief
of James Caze & John Richaud; HR bill for relief of Peton Short.

Cmte on judiciary. Chace, Talbot, Daggett, Hunter, Tait. Dec 17
instruct cmte to consider expediency of amending law regulating
intercourse with Indians (Williams' motion); on Lacock's motion
instruct cmte to consider law dividing PA into 2 judicial
‘districts. Tait excused from cmte & Taylor replace him. Instruct
emte to report provisions necessary for giving effect to US laws
in IN. Jan 16 refer HR bill.to explain act authorizing certain
officers to administer oaths. Feb 6 Executive Session refer
nominations of Henry Dodge & Charles Lucas. Feb 21 refer HR bill
concerning compensation for district attorney for MA. Feb 28
refer HR bill supplement to law directing disposition of money
paid to courts of US. March 1 refer HR bill respecting district
court. of northern NY.

14th Congress, Journal
