April 12 refer HR bill authorizing payment for courthouse of
Hamilton, OH; refer HR bill for payment of militia; refer HR bill
for relief of supervisors of Clinton county, NY; refer HR bill
for relief of company of 20th brigade of VA militia; refer HR
bill for relief of Patrick, Abigail, & Frederick O'Flyng; refer
HR bill for relief of William Flood; refer HR bill for relief of
Joseph Wilson; refer HR bill for relief of President anda
directors of Washington bridge company. April 13 on motion by
Barbour, discharged from consideration of petition of William &
Robert Patterson. April 15 refer HR bill for relief of Young
King, chief of Seneca tribe. April 16 refer HR-bill fore relief
of Elizabeth Hamilton. April 17 refer HR bill supplement to law
granting bounties in lands and extra pay to Canadian volunteers.
April 18 refer HR bill for relief of Samuel Manac. April 20 refer
HR bill providing for cases of lost military land warrants. April
27 refer HR bill making appropriations for carrying into effect
treaty with Cherokees. Barbour report immediately.

Cmte on Bibb's motion on so much of PUS's message as relates to
naval affairs with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec akel 5
1815. Tait, Daggett, Sanford, Fromentin, Howell. Dec 15,
Executive Session, refer nominations for naval appointments &
promotions. Dec 26 refer report of Sec of Navy made’ Dec 11, in
relation to permanent increases of Navy. Jan 11 refer HR bill for
relief of George S. Wise. Jan 23 recommit bill for relief of
George S. Wise with instructions to consider expediency of making
some general provisions for similar cases (Mason of NH mover).
Jan 31 refer report of Sec of Navy on petition of William
Garrett. Feb 8 refer commissioners of navy pension funda report
communicated by president of Senate; on motion by Sanford,
instruct, cmte to consider expediency of providing for appointment
of one or more judge advocates in navy. Feb 13 report inexpedient
to make general provisions by for cases similar to George Wise's.
Feb 16 refer HR bill rewarding officers and crew of Sloop Hornet;
ppd bill for George Wise to 1st Monday in July. Feb 28 refer
Tait's bill to increase pension of William Munday. March 26 refer
HR bill placing certain people on navy pension list. April 4
refer HR bill making appropriations for naval establishment.
April 12 refer HR bill for relief of Thomas Ap Catesby Jones;
refer HR bill for relief of Rufus S. Reed and Daniel Dobbins;
refer HR bill for relief of Taylor & McNeal, Evans & M'Neal, &
Henry & John M'cleester; refer Hr bill for relief of John Crosby
and John Crosby, Jr.; refer HR Bill for relief of Asher Palmer.
April 13 refer HR bill authorizing payment to James Levins; HR
bill providing $100,000 to captors of Algerine vessels captured &
restored to Dey of Algiers. April 15 refer HR bill authorizing
sum of $ to John T. Courtney & Samuel Harrison; HR bill rewarding
officers & crew od USS Constitution; HR bill concerning Pharoah
Farrow & others. April 16 refer. HR bill for gradual increase of
navy. April 18 refer HR bill authorizing building of 3
lighthouses; HR bill making appropriations of rebuilding
lighthouses, etc. April 20 refer Hr bill concerning owners,
officers, & crew of privateer Roger. April 23 refer HR bill
authorizing payment of sum of $ to Joseph Stewart & others; HR
bill allowing pay to certain persons made prisoners with revenue
cutter Surveyor. April 25 refer Hr bill for relief of George T.

14th Congress, Journal
