Ross, Daniel T. Patterson, & officers & men lately under their
command.

Cmte on Bibb's motion on so much of PUS's message as relates to
finance & uniform currency with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Dec 11, 1815. Campbell, Chace, Bibb, King, Mason. Dec
14 refer report of Sec of T presented Dec 8. Dec 18 refer HR bill
making additional appropriations for army & militia. Jan 4 refer
HR bill to enlarge time for ascertaining the annual transfers &
changers of property subject to direct tax; HR bill for relief of
Thomas & John Clifford, Elisha Fisher & Co., and Thomas Clifford
& Son. Jan 9 refer HR bill for relief of William Morrissett. Jan
22 refer HR bill for relief of John Redman Coxe. Jan 26 refer HR
bill to continue duties on goods, etc. imported; refer HR bill to
continue duties on imported salt, etc.; refer HR bill repealing
additional duties on postage; refer HR bill continuing duties on
bank notes, etc. Feb 6 refer HR bill to repeal duties on certain
articles manufactured in US. Feb 8 on motion by Varnum, instruct
cmte to consider expediency of confining the payment of all taxes
& other moneys due US to specie, treasury notes, & notes of such
banks as are in the practice of redeeming their notes with
specie. Feb 12 refer HR bill for relief of heirs of George
Nebinger. Feb 16 refer HR bill to reduce direct tax laid on DC &
repeal in part law laying direct tax, etc. & laying direct tax on
Dc; refer HR bill making appropriations for ordnance & ordnance
stores. March 15 refer HR bill to incorporate BUS. March 21 refer
HR bill abolishing duties on spirits distilled within US. March
22 refer HR bill repealing law laying duties on household
furniture, etc. April 2 refer HR bill supplement to law laying
direct tax; refer HR bill for relief of Edward Hallowell; refer
HR bill for relief of Henry Malcolm; refer HR bill for relief of
Robert Kidd. April 9 refer HR bill to regulate duties on imports
& tonnage. April 12 refer HR bill to increase commissions to
inspectors, measurers, weighers, and gaugers employed in
collection of duties; refer HR bill to fix commissions of
collector of direct tax and internal duties. April 13 refer HR
bill for free importation of stereotype plates, bible societies.
April 15 refer HR bill cancelling export bonds executed by Caspar
Cc. Schutte. April 17 refer HR bill regulating currency within US
of foreign coins. April 20 refer HR bill for relief of Davia
Coffin, Samuel & William Rodman, and Samuel Rodman, Jr. April 23
refer HR bill reducing duties on licenses to retailers of wines,
spirituous liquors, & foreign merchandise. April 27 refer HR bill
to allow drawback on duties on spirits distilled & sugar refined
within US. .

Cmte on Bibb's motion on so much of PUS's message as relates to
manufacturers with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec D1;
1815. Hunter, Roberts, Talbot, Condit, Thompson.

Cmte on Bibb's motion on so much of PUS's message as relates to
roads & canals with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec
11, 1815. Morrow, Brown, Horsey, Wilson, Gore. March 18 instruct
emte to consider national road from WDC to PA. April 1 instruct
emte to consider US govt subscribing $50,000 to great coast-wise
canal and river navigation company. April 12 refer HR bill

14th Congress, Journal
