L7

appointed in place of Worthington on Varnum's motion. Jan 18
refer resolution reported by cmte on military affairs Jan 16,
inexpedient to call forth militia upon principles (Varnum's
motion: authorize PUS to call on each state for quota of 80,000
troops to take field April 1). Feb 17 refer HR bill making
provisions for clothing militia called into service of US. Feb 18
discharged from further consideration memorial of PA, NY, DE
Quakers. Feb 20 refer PUS's message of Feb 20 as relates to
militia. March 3 discharged from consideration of PUS's message
of Feb 20.

cmte on Giles's motion on so much of PUS's message as relates to
military affairs with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Sept
22, 1814. Giles, Brown, Turner, Bibb, German. Oct 17 refer HR
resolution praising & rewarding General Brown, Major-general
Scott, & Brigadiers Ripley, Miller, Porter, Gaines, Macomb. Nov 4
instruct cmte to consider expediency of establishing addition
military academies. Dec 8 refer HR bill directing staff officers
of army to comply with requisitions of naval & marine officers in
certain cases; HR bill to authorize PUS to accept services of
volunteers who may associate and organize & offer services. Dec
15 refer HR amendments of bill authorizing PUS to call upon
states for quotas of 80,430 militia for defense of frontiers.
Jan 18 refer HR bill authorizing PUS to raise certain companies
of rangers; recommit cmte's resolution reported on Jan 16 & then
Giles move cmte be discharged & referred to cmte on militia. Jan
21 refer HR bill for better regulation of the ordnance dept. Jan
28 refer HR bill authorizing purchase of tract of land for use of
US. Feb 1 recommit bill for better regulation of ordnance dept
with amendments./* Feb 4 refer HR bill authorizing PUS to receive
into service of US certain corps which may be raised or organized
by any state to serve in lieu of militia. Feb 10 refer HR bill
making provision for subsisting the army of US by authorizing
appointment of commissaries of subsistence. Feb 13 recommit bill
authorizing PUS to receive into service certain corps which
raised & organized by state in lieu of militia. Feb 18 refer HR
amendments to Senate's resolution expressive of thanks to AJ. Feb
20 refer PUS's message of Feb 20 as relates to military
establishment. March 1 refer HR bill fixing military peace
establishment. March 2 refer HR bill for invalid pensioners;
refer HR bill makin ropriations for military establishment.

F Add Smet + Varquw ge lees mot oti. :
Cmte on memorial of nesuieken Bridge Co. Sept 23, 1814. Brent,
Giles, Tait. Also refer memorial of Eastern Branch Bridge Co.
Sept 29 Brent excused & Bledsoe appointed in his place. Dec 15
refer petition of Daniel Renner & Nathaniel Heath. Jan 13 refer
HR bill for relief of William H. Washington. Jan 16 Mason
appointed to cmte in place of Bledsoe, on motion by Giles. Jan 19
refer HR bill for relief of Edward Barry & George Hodges; refer
bill for relief of Jacob Sinnick, & Shoultz & Vogeler, etc.;

13th Congress, Journal
