\

18

refer petition of Edward Bland & others from cmte on naval
affairs. Jan 21 refer HR bill for relief of Edward Barry &
George Hodges. Feb 7 refer HR bill for relief of Anacosta Bridge
Company. Feb 24 refer HR bill for relief of James Savage &
others; HR bill for relief of Thomas Sprigg. Feb 27 refer
petition of Robert & John Oliver (March 2 discharged) .

Cmte on Fromentin's motion that in furtherance of resolution

agreed to on April 18, 1814 there shall be printed as many copies
of the documents ordered to be printed by the senate as there are
printed copies of the journal. Sept 23, 1814. Fromentin,
Worthington, Giles (mover) .

Cmte on Tait's motion on so much of PUS's message as relates to
naval affairs. Sept 23, 1814. Tait, Howell, Daggett, Fromentin,
Morrow. Nov 3 refer HR bill for relief of Joshua Barney. Nov 7
adopt Dana's motion to instruct cmte, r.e. appointment of naval
officers above rank of captain & for conferring naval rank by
brevet, in consideration of meritorious service. Add member in
place of Howell -> Hunter. Refer petition of George Stevenson &
others. Dec 2 Agree to motion by Anderson to instruct cmte to
inquire into expediency of making provision by law in relation to

‘officers & crews of certain vessels. Jan 16 memorial of Edward

Howell & others. Jan 19 discharged from consideration of petition
of Edward Bland & referred to cmte on Washington Bridge Company.
Jan 25 refer HR bill to alter & amend laws for establishing navy
dept, add board of commissioners & HR bill directing manner of
contracts & purchases in navy dept. Jan 27 refer HR bill for
Matthew Guy, John Woodward, Samuel Tennison, Wilfred Drury. Feb 1
2 members added on motion by Giles -> Smith, Varnum. Feb 4
recommit bill for Matthew Guy, John Woodward, Samuel Tennison,
Wilfred Drury. Feb 16 refer petition of William Malcolm & others.
Feb 17 refer HR bill for relief of Uriah Coolidge & James Burnham
(pass Feb 22). Feb 18 on motion by Tait cmte instructed to
consider expediency of repealing any act or acts respecting
flotilla establishment with leave to report by bill or otherwise;
discharged from consideration of petition of William Malcolm &
others. March 2 refer HR bill making appropriations for navy.
March 3 discharged from consideration of resolution (Jan 6) on
naval school; memorial of George P. Stephenson; memorial of
midshipmen against appointment of sailingmasters.

Jt cmte on library. Sept 26, 1814. Goldsborough, Fromentin, Tait.
Cmte on memorial & resolution of KY legislature, r.e. border with

TN, with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Sept 30, 1814.
Bledsoe, Anderson, Daggett, Giles, Brown.

13th Congress, Journal
