6

\. Cmte on nominated made on July 23, not already acted on. July 31,
1813, Tait, Taylor, Brown. Also refer nomination of John
Standbury.

2nd Session, Vol 7 (Dec 1813 -April 1814)
Jt cmte to wait on PUS. Dec 6, 1813. Robinson, Brent.

Cmte 42nd rule (Leib's motion). Dec 7, 1813. Leib, Gilman,
Morrow. March 1 Gaillard replace Leib, resigned.

Jt cmte on enrolled bills. Dec 8, 1813. Bledsoe. His motion.
March 21 Howell appointed to cmte in place of Bledsoe, leave of
absence for rest of session

Cmte on Tait's motion on so much of PUS's message, re foreign
relations with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Dec 9, 1813.
Bibb(GA), Taylor, Chace, Bledsoe, Brent, Anderson, Brown. Refer
PUS's confidential message of this day. Dec 13 refer HR bill on
embargo. Jan 7 refer PUS's message, r.e. Letter from GB for
peace negotiations. Jan 10 refer petition of Stothart & Starkey.
Jan 28 refer HR bill to prohibit ransoming of ships or vessels of
US & goods captured by enemies. Feb 1 refer petition of Justin &
Elias Lyman. Feb 11 refer HR bill providing for return to own
districts of ships detained by embargo in districts other than
those where they are respectively owned. Feb 14 refer petition
of Daniel Hastings, in behalf of self & Joseph Hastings & Gilmore
Collimore. Feb 21 refer petition of Stephen Glover. Feb 23 refer
petition of Trott & Blake. March 1 refer petition of Don Ramon de
Lanares Gonzales & Don Ramon de Calmenero. March 11 report on
Stephen Glover that inexpedient to legislate on subject & Glover
granted leave to withdraw petition; report on petition of Daniel
Hastings & petitioners granted leave to withdraw papers. March 14
report on petition of Trott & Blake & petitioners granted leave
to withdraw petition; report on petition of Justin & Elias Lyman
& motion to refer to Sec of T failed; petitioners granted leave
to withdraw petition; report on petition of Don Ramon de Lanares
Gonzales & Don Ramon de Calmenero, consideration ppd. March 15
refer petition of mayor, aldermen, & commonalty of NYC. March 16
refer petition of Jonas White & others. March 21 refer HR bill
for relief of Joseph W. Page; refer HR bill for relief of owners
of cargo of brig Patriota; refer HR bill for relief of Daniel
M'Cauly & Samuel Ralston; refer HR bill for relief of George
Walkington; give leave for Dons Gonzales & Calmenero to withdraw
petition. March 31 refer Horsey's motion that cmte be appointed
to report bill for embargo's repeal & petitions he presented.
April 2 refer memorial of C.A. Rodney & others, against repealing
embargo. April 4 refer memorial of Israel Thorndike. April 7
refer petition of Thomas Parker, woolen manufacturers. April 9
refer HR bill for repeal of embargo; refer petition of John

13th Congress, Journal
