all,

Cmte on Daggett's motion on memorial of William Hart & Henry
Champion & others. Jan 24, 1814. Daggett, Morrow, Gore. Jan 28
refer memorial of Emp. Root & others on same subject. Feb 7 refer
memorials of Isaac Mills, Joseph Wakeman, Erastis Huntington &
others on same subject. Feb 8 refer memorial of George Lewis &
others on same subject. Feb 14 refer memorial of George Richards
& others. March 3 refer memorial of George Beatty & others of NJ
on same subject. March 14 refer memorial of Homer Boardman &
others. April 7 cmte discharged & further consideration ppd to
1st Mon in Dec next.

Cmte on petition of David Porter with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Feb 2, 1814. Brown, Anderson, Daggett.

Cmte on memorial of Thomas Cooper & others, LA land titles, with
leave to report by bill or otherwise. Feb 4, 1814. Brown,
Fromentin, Anderson, King, Morrow. Also petition of Richard Relf
& others; HR bill for relief of Mary Philip Le Duc. On motion by
Worthington, refer report of commissioner of general land office
on the survey of VA military reservation, communicated on Jan 19,
1813 with leave to report by bill or otherwise. Feb 10 refer HR
bill attaching Canton district to OH, etc.; refer HR bill giving
further time to purchasers of public lands to complete payments.
Feb 16 refer HR bill for relief of James Crawford. March 4 refer
HR bill for Shawneetown. March 11 refer HR bill for final
adjustment of land titles in LA & MO. March 15 refer petition of
Abraham Chaplain. March 21 refer HR bill confirming certain land
claims in IL territory; refer Hr bill for relief of Dennis Clark.
March 24 Abraham Chaplain granted leave to withdraw petition,
cmte report. April 2 refer memorial of IL territorial
legislature, r.e. pre-emption rights. April 5 refer HR bill for
renewal of land warrant to George Shannon. April 9 refer bill
ascertaining titles & claims to lands in part of LA east of MS
river & island of New Orleans. April 11 refer HR bill extending
relief to certain purchasers of public lands in MS; HR bill
authorizing subdivision of quarter sections of lands in US; HR
bill granting donation rights to certain claimants of land in LA.
April 13 refer HR bill,r.e. certificates of confirmation in LA.

Cmte on petition of John Aiken & Pearl Spafford with leave to
report by bill or otherwise. Feb 7, 1814. Bledsoe, Varnun.
Daggett. Feb 28 report that prayer should not be granted. March
21 petitions given leave to withdraw petition.

Cmte on HR bill laying duties on notes of banks, etc. Feb 10,
1814. Bibb, King, Smith.

Jt cmte on adjournment. Feb 11, 1814. Anderson, Bibb, Turner.

13th Congress, Journal
