19

Cmte on Lacock's motion to inquire into extent of injury done
capitol, & other public buildings & best means of preserving from
further damage by weather. Oct 4, 1814. Lacock, Taylor, Varnum,
Anderson, Bibb.

Cmte on HR bill to extend right of suffrage to MS territory &
increase # on legislative council. Oct 11, 1814. Morrow, Bledsoe,
Chace.

Cmte on memorial of Washington Bowie with leave to report by bill
or otherwise. Oct 14, 1814. Goldsborough, Gore, Chace.

Cmte on Bibb's motion on PUS's message & documents together with
communications made since the beginning of the session on foreign
affairs. Oct 14, 1814. Bibb, Taylor, King, Brown, Chace. Jan 10
refer HR bill to prohibit intercourse with enemy. Feb 18 on
Dana's motion, instruct cmte to inquire into expediency of making
provision to release certain claims of US. Feb 21 instruct cmte
to inquire whether any of laws respecting foreign intercourse
ought to be repealed or modified, on motion by Bibb. Feb 23 refer
petition of Justin & Elias Lyman; refer confidential message of
PUS, r.e. dey & regency of Algiers. Feb 24 cmte discharged from
further consideration of Justin & Elias Lyman's petition; on
motion by Chace, cmte instructed to consider expediency of making
further provisions for collection of revenue. Feb 25 refer PUS's
message of this day with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Feb 27 refer petition of Walter & Miller and others. March 1
discharged from consideration of petition of Walter & Miller and
others. March 3 discharged from consideration of PUS's
recommendation of declaration of war against dey and regency of
Algiers.

Cmte on Peter Landais, with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Oct 18, 1814. Fromentin. Walker, Brown.

Cmte of conference on resolution praising & rewarding General
Brown, Major-general Scott, & Brigadiers Ripley, Miller, Porter,
Gaines, Macomb. Oct 24, 1814. Giles, Smith, Varnun.

Cmte on Fromentin's motion that list of bills rejected by Senate
be printed. Oct 25, 1814. Fromentin, Lacock (mover), Varnum.

Cmte on memorial of Stephen Girard, bank, with leave to report by
bill or otherwise. Oct 26, 1814. Roberts, Smith, Daggett. Nov 28
pass bill by vote of 20 to 7.

Cmte on petition of David Clarkson & others, national bank, with

leave to report by bill or otherwise. Oct 31, 1814. King, Smith,
Taylor, Bibb, Mason.

13th Congress, Journal
