i)

Hillen & others. April 14 refer HR bill for relief of Archibald
M'Call. April 15 instruct cmte to consider expediency of
prohibiting export & transportation of sheep from US. April 18
discharged from consideration of Rodney's memorial.

Cmte on Tait's motion amended by Bledsoe, on so much of PUS's
message, r.e. military affairs with leave to report by bill or
otherwise. Dec 9, 1813. Worthington, Turner, Lacock, Campbell,
Robinson. Dec 20 instruct committee to consider expediency of
making further regulations r.e. medical staff of army &
instructed to consider expediency of establishing more military
schools. Dec 28 refer Horsey's motion that expedient to make
provision for paying expenses of military called out for purposes
of repelling invasion, etc. Jan 5 refer HR bill making partial
appropriations for 1814. Jan 10 refer petition of Alexander
Smyth. Jan 31 refer petition of Daniel Pettibone. Feb 1 refer HR
bill to raise 5 regiments of riflemen. Feb 4 discharged from
considering petition of Alexander Smyth. Petition referred to Sec
of War. Feb 10 on motion by Worthington, discharged from
consideration of petition of Daniel Petibone & petition referred
to Sec of War; member elected to take place of Campbell -> smith;
refer HR bill for Michael Hogan, HR bill for relief of William
Platt, HR bill to satify claims of Mary Wells, executrix of
William Wells. Feb 14 refer petition of Samuel A. Barker. Feb 23
refer Sec of War report & memorial of William Tatham on Giles's
motion. March 7 refer memorial of John R. Plater & others; refer
memorial of James Lloyd. March 8 refer HR bill making
appropriations for military establishment for 1814. March 17
report bill for William Tatham. March 19 discharged from
consideration of memorial of John Plater & others. March 21 refer
HR bill supplement to law providing relief of officer & soldiers
who. served in Wabash campaign. March 23 refer Sec of War's report.
on Daniel Pettibone. March 24 report on Daniel Pettibone --
petition of leave to withdraw papers. March 26 refer petition of
Robert Brent, paymaster of army. March 28 reject prayer of Samuel
Barker & Barker given leave to withdraw petition. April 6 refer
HR bill for invalid pensioners. April 9 refer HR bill for
collection & preservation of such flags, standards, & colors;
refer HR bill for relief of Jarvis Cutler.

Cmte on Tait's motion on so much of PUS's message, r.e. naval
establishment. Dec 9, 1813. Gaillard, Tait, Fromentin, Morrow,
Howell. Dec 21 refer memorial of Charles Cochran. Dec 22 refer HR
bill for relief of Richard Dale. Feb 7 refer memorial of George
P. Stephenson & others. Feb 10 refer HR bill giving pensions to
orphans & widows of persons slain in public or private armed
vessels. March 4 refer memorial of naval officers serving on
lakes; refer HR bill for relief of Edwin T. Satterwhite. March 7
refer petition of John Brazer & officers & crew of Argus; refer
HR amendments to bill in addition to law allowing bounty to

13th Congress, Journal
